Support for CCTray XML format (#590)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/writing-tasks.md

```markdown
[![Build Status](https://api.cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER OR ORGANIZATION>/<REPOSITORY>.svg)](https://cirrus-ci.com/github/<USER OR ORGANIZATION>/<REPOSITORY>)
```

## CCTray XML

> Cirrus CI support exporting information about the latest repository builds via [CCTray XML format](https://cctray.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cirrus CI supports exporting information about the latest repository builds via the [CCTray XML format](https://cctray.org/).
```

> Use the following URL format with a tool of your choice like [CCMenu](http://ccmenu.org/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following URL format with a tool of your choice (such as [CCMenu](http://ccmenu.org/)):
```
